amber rose twerking in her wedding dress
amazing I might Matt I'm impressed I
mean that booty looked like there was
two giant meatballs shoved up inside the
dress and of course by meatballs I mean
snooki and deena from the jersey shore
up in there playing the bongos on that
ass it's so loose I wonder if she farts
is that a minute or two but that girl
should not be wearing white just sayin I
mean honestly I think this the most
classes twerking I've ever seen okay
let's be honest this video only pissed
off the white girls cuz we can't twerk
it look like a cat's gonna barf hashtag
say what so Kim Zolciak from the Real
Housewives of Atlanta who has now left
the show and now has her own show about
her lovely family has expanded to having
twins now hopefully she doesn't smoke
like she did with her last pregnancy
just saying hey at least you'll have one
set of twins that are real kim Zolciak's
now eating for three but if you watch
the real housewives season over season
wasn't that her noble died before she
was pregnant Kim said I can't believe
I'm gonna be a mom to six they don't
worry girl that loose vajayjay will
remind you hashtag Sid what I love Lady
Gaga's new music video I love the song I
love the video it's weird it's creative
and um I to live for the applause I
applaud you for being the only artist on
the planet who gets uglier with every
video Gaga has smeared makeup across her
face like the Joker I mean it looks like
a clown finished all over that ugly mug
thank God lady gaga has like an amazing
body because her face mm-hmm butterface
honey and i guess orange is the new
black at least a new pretty
yo gaga real talk beyoncé wants her wig
back I am hoping that one of her
costumes catches on oh it's not okay
you're dismissed hashtag say what if you
really want to hate your life just do an
interview with Oprah I swear to you she
will highlight every reason why your
life sucks and while you're a ratchet
hot mess Lindsay you're gonna wear jail
orange to your interview with Oprah
Winfrey she spent years getting all
hopped up on cocaine adderall and
alcohol then went to rehab a bunch of
times the last one being for 90 days
which she called a Malibu vacation then
she gets out an Oprah pays for millions
of dollars for an interview I mean what
is the problem the bitch is living the
life the Lindsay Lohan Oprah interview
got low ratings why is anyone surprised
it's lindsay lohan we don't care when
you're doing well do a line of coke pull
out your tits and drunk driving to a bum
then we'll all tune in she wanted to go
to jail to find peace I can think of any
other places like you're fuckin Malibu
rehab station you know watching that
Oprah and a lelo interview was it me or
was Oprah way too interested in how
Lindsay actually abused her cocaine so
Lindsay did you did you snort it did you
smoke it did you inject it haleyville
says I started it or was like stupid ass
you know you get the best high injecting
that shit or at least that's how we roll
back in 1987 say what I got two words
girlfriend daddy stitch does that mean
that's where they sew up your vagina to
make it tighter so it doesn't feel like
you're as loose as six kids passing
through that gigantic hole that's a
great name or he's dead